here's three ways that I like to train
my grip this is counterintuitive but
having an all fours practice or even a
handstand practice helps strengthen the
forearm in a lengthened position in the
climbing Community this is called a
pinch you can pinch weights or any
random object and hold it for a time and
of course hanging is great too if this
gets too easy you can move on to one
hand and if this gets too easy you can
also try hanging from a towel which is a
lot harder than it looks if you can
already hold your body weight on a bar
for 60 seconds grip is probably not
going to hold you back in everyday life
but improving your grip does make life a
whole lot more fun stay Flexi